Add Azure managed AAD guide (#2982)
kubeapps/kubeapps: docs/user/using-an-OIDC-provider.md

### Azure Active Directory

#### AKS-managed Azure Active Directory

This setup assumes that you are using the [AKS-managed Azure AD integration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/managed-aad). Note that this is incompatible with the legacy AAD. We will use the v2 token version instead of v1.

> If you really need to use v1 tokens, please let drop us an issue and let us know your use case.

Please refer to the official docs in case of doubt, here we just highlight some important steps during the configuration that will be required in Kubeapps.

First, you need to verify that you have `AKS-managed Azure Active Directory: Enabled`.

![Enabled AKS-managed Azure Active Directory](../img/azure-00.png)

> Then, you have to register an application. Go to `App registrations and click on `Register an application. Enter a `Name` (any name is ok) and a `Redirect URI` (it should be `https://<your_kubeapps_domain/>oauth2/callback` unless you have manually changed it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you have to register an application. Go to `App registrations` and click on `Register an application`. Enter a `Name` (any name is ok) and a `Redirect URI` (it should be `https://<your_kubeapps_domain/>oauth2/callback` unless you have manually changed it).
```

![Registering an application](../img/azure-01.png)

Once you got your application created, click `Overview` to see the `Application (client) ID` and the `Directory (tenant) ID`. You will need these values later.

![Application overview](../img/azure-02.png)

The next step is to create a secret for the application. Click on `Certificates & secrets` and then on `New client secret`.

![Creating secret screen](../img/azure-03.png)

Fill the `Description` and `Expires` fields according to your preferences.

![Creating the secret](../img/azure-04.png)

Next, the `Value` of the secret will appear and you will be able to copy it. You will need this value later.

![Retrieving the secret value](../img/azure-05.png)

The following step is to define the permissions that the application will need. To do so, go to `API permissions` and click `Add a permission`.

![Add permissions screen](../img/azure-06.png)

> Then, in the `APIs my organization uses` enter this value `6dae42f8-4368-4678-94ff-3960e28e3630` (this is the ID corresponding to the AKS AAD server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in the `APIs my organization uses` enter this value `6dae42f8-4368-4678-94ff-3960e28e3630`. This is a special ID corresponding to the global Azure Kubernetes Service AAD server.
```
I don't know if "global" is correct here, but assuming it's a constant value for everyone (all AKS accounts), I assume so. But ideally it'd be great to link to some documentation about this ID, even if it's just weinong's docs.

Author: Good suggestion! Well, this value is a way to associate which subscription an Azure resource (AKS, AAD or anything else) belongs to. For instance, if using `common` as the tenant ID (in theory) you will open the login to any Microsoft account, but I haven't explored it.
Yep, I'll link the [azure docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant) here. Thank you!

![Selecting the permissions](../img/azure-07.png)

Next, select the `user.read` permission and click `Add permissions`.

![Selecting user.read permission](../img/azure-08.png)

Then, go to `Manifest` and change `accessTokenAcceptedVersion` from `null` to `2`. It will make the application generate v2 tokens instead of v1.

![Editing the manifest](../img/azure-09.png)

At the end of these steps, you will have created an application, granted it with `user.read` permissions and changed the token version to v2. You also will have this information.

- `Application (client) ID`, for instance, `my-application-id`.
- `Application secret`, for instance, `my-secret`.

> - `Directory (tenant) ID`, for instance, `my-tenant-id`.

Reviewer: Excellent and useful summary - it's a lot of steps!

Author: This idea from having a summary of what you should have after the steps I got from Virkam, really useful for preventing users from getting lost.

The next step is just configuring Kubeapps to use all these values. We highlight here:

> - The issuer is `https://login.microsoftonline.com/my-tenant/v2.0` (replacing `my-tenant` with your own value), since we are using v2 tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The issuer is `https://login.microsoftonline.com/my-tenant/v2.0` (replacing `my-tenant` with your own `Directory (tenant) ID`), since we are using v2 tokens.
```

> - The scope is exactly `openid 6dae42f8-4368-4678-94ff-3960e28e3630/user.read`, this way, you will able to get the user's email as well as get access to the protected resource that is AKS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The scope is exactly `openid 6dae42f8-4368-4678-94ff-3960e28e3630/user.read`, using the ID of the global AKS AAD server. This way, you will able to get the user's email as well as get access to the protected resource that is AKS.
```

> In v1 tokens, you had to pass this value as part of the `--resource=6dae42f8-4368-4678-94ff-3960e28e3630` flag, but in v2 tokens, this claim is performed just using the scope.

```yaml
frontend:

>   proxypassAccessTokenAsBearer: true # required to pass the access_token instead of the id_token

Reviewer: Ah - excellent, so that was related.

Author: Yep, I mean, it wasn't the root cause of all my pain since I was just copying the token from the response (exposed with `--set-xauthrequest=true` as this person recommended) and using it back in postman (to avoid extra layers).
The issue was that I always got  401 errors... (or even if the oauth2proxy container crashed while using the azure provider...)

authProxy:
  enabled: true
  cookieSecret: redacted
  provider: oidc
  clientID: my-application-id
  clientSecret: my-secret
  additionalFlags:
    - --oidc-issuer-url=https://login.microsoftonline.com/my-tenant/v2.0 # required for azure

>     - --scope=openid 6dae42f8-4368-4678-94ff-3960e28e3630/user.read # required for azure, exactly this string, neither '6dae42f8-4368-4678-94ff-3960e28e3630' nor 'user.read'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - --scope=openid 6dae42f8-4368-4678-94ff-3960e28e3630/user.read # required for azure, exactly this string without modification
```

### VMware Cloud Services

> Note: there is a [more detailed guide on how to use VMware Cloud Services in this document](../step-by-step/kubeapps-on-tkg/step-1.md#step-12-configure-an-oidc-provider).

Reviewer: Up to you if you think it's worth just replacing this whole section with the link to your improved docs there?
